=encoding utf8



=head1 NAME

dashpipe - ponify/deponify text



=head1 SYNOPSIS

dashpipe [I<options>]



=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<dashpipe> is a utility for ponifying and deponifying text.

It replaces words such as 'everyone' with 'everypony'.

It either returns a ponified version of text from an input pipe, or directly from STDIN.



=head1 OPTIONS

B<dashpipe> supports the following options. If none are given, I<--ponify> is assumed


=head2 --ponify

Ponify input text. Eg, turn:
    I<"What in the world? Money isn't everything, you know.">
    into
    I<"What in Equestria? Bits aren't everything, you know.">


=head2 --deponify, -d

Deponify input text. Eg, turn:
    I<"What in Equestria? Bits aren't everything, you know.">
    into
    I<"What in the world? Money isn't everything, you know.">


=head2 --help, -h

Print help message, just a small usage definition.


=head2 --version, -v

Print B<dashpipe> version, as something like:
    B<dashpipe 1.0.1>


=head2 --license

Print B<dashpipe>'s license, which is also below.



=head1 EXAMPLES

To ponify a file:
    B<dashpipe --ponify> < I<SOURCE> > I<TARGET>
    or
    B<dashpipe> < I<SOURCE> > I<TARGET>

To deponify a file:
    B<dashpipe --deponify> < I<SOURCE> > I<TARGET>

Ponified fortune:
    fortune | B<dashpipe>



=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2013, Daniel Oaks
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



=head1 HISTORY

2013 - Ponypipe written by Mattias Andrée.

2013 - Dashpipe written by Daniel Oaks E<lt>danneh@danneh.netE<gt>, as a 'faster' Ponypipe.
